Taboola Action Destination docs (#6826)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-taboola-actions/index.md

8. Under the **Destinations** heading in the **Audience Overview** page you should now see your **Taboola (Actions)** listed. Click the **Add Mapping** button. 
![Add mapping](images/add_mapping.png)
9. When the side panel on the right displays, navigate to the **Settings** tab. 
9. On the **Settings** tab, ensure that **Send Track** is enabled, then populate the Taboola **Account ID** field.
![Audience settings](images/audience_settings.png)
10. Click the **Save** button. 
11. Remain in the side panel, and navigate to the **Matching mappings** tab. Click the **Add mapping** button, then select **Sync Audience**. 
12. On the **Sync Audience** page, click the **Save** button. You'll be taken back to the **Matching mappings** tab. Enable the Mapping using the toggle.   
![Enabled mapping](images/enabled_mapping.png)

The Audience will start to sync to Taboola shortly. 

> info ""
> To view the audience on the Taboola platform, navigate to the [Tbaoola Ads audience page](https://ads.taboola.com/audiences), select "Custom Audience" and search for the audience you have just connected.

## Supported identifiers

> The **Taboola (Actions)** destination supports syncing Audiences to Taboola using either the `userId` and/or the `Mobile Device ID`.

Author: @joe-ayoub-segment Isn't this supposed to be the user's email? Does the user need to configure something for it to be included?

Reviewer: Hi @eden-ohana yes that's correct! It should be `email`. Thanks for catching!

Author: Yes, I'll finish and let you know when to review. 
Thanks!

> ---
> title: Taboola Actions Destination
> ---

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
---
title: Taboola Actions Destination
id: 66684ba89c0523461d8bb7f3
beta: true
---
```

7. On the **Audience Overview** tab, click the **Add Destination** button, then select the **Taboola (Actions)** Destination. 
8. Under the **Destinations** heading in the **Audience Overview** page you should now see your **Taboola (Actions)** listed. Click the **Add Mapping** button. 
![Add mapping](images/add_mapping.png)
9. When the side panel on the right displays, navigate to the **Settings** tab. 
9. On the **Settings** tab, ensure that **Send Track** is enabled, then populate the Taboola **Account ID** field.
![Audience settings](images/audience_settings.png)
10. Click the **Save** button. 
11. Remain in the side panel, and navigate to the **Matching mappings** tab. Click the **Add mapping** button, then select **Sync Audience**. 
12. On the **Sync Audience** page, click the **Save** button. You'll be taken back to the **Matching mappings** tab. Enable the Mapping using the toggle.   
![Enabled mapping](images/enabled_mapping.png)

The Audience will start to sync to Taboola shortly.
It takes another 2-5 days for the segment to scale up and become available for targeting/suppression in Taboola Ads.

> info ""

> > To view the audience on the Taboola platform, navigate to the [Tbaoola Ads audience page](https://ads.taboola.com/audiences), select "Custom Audience" and search for the audience you have just connected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To view the audience on the Taboola platform, navigate to the [Taboola Ads audience page](https://ads.taboola.com/audiences), select "Custom Audience" and search for the audience you have just connected.
```

## Supported identifiers

The **Taboola (Actions)** destination supports syncing Audiences to Taboola using either the `email` and/or the `Mobile Device ID`.
`email` will be automatically included if present. Additional configuration steps are required in order to sync `Mobile Device ID` values. To sync `Mobile Device ID` values ensure the following configuration:  

> 1. Your Engage Space's Identify Resolution rules will need to be configured for `android.id` and `ios.id` identifiers. This can be configured by navigating to `Unify` >> `Unify Settings`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Your Engage Space's identity resolution rules will need to be configured for `android.id` and `ios.id` identifiers. This can be configured by navigating to `Unify` >> `Unify Settings`. 
```

![Enage ID Resolution Settings with android.id and ios.id configured](images/engage_id_resolution_settings.png)
 
2. Ensure that both the `android.id` and `ios.id` identifiers are configured exactly as per the image below. This configuration step takes place when the Destination is being connected to an Audience. 
![Device ID config for android.id and ios.id identifiers](images/device_id_identifier_config.png)

>    

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   {% include components/actions-fields.html %}
```

Add this snippet so the actions are populated^

---
title: Taboola (Actions) Destination
id: 66684ba89c0523461d8bb7f3
beta: true
---

{% include content/plan-grid.md name="actions" %}

[Taboola](https://developers.taboola.com/backstage-api/reference/create-a-first-party-audience/?utm_source=segmentio&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners){:target="_blank”} integration allows you to connect and target your Segment audiences with Taboola.

> This destination is maintained by Taboola. For any issues with the destination, contact their Support team or your account manager.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This destination is maintained by Taboola. For any issues with the destination, contact their [Support team](mailto:support@taboola.com) or your account manager.
```

Do you have a support email address you can add?

## Getting started

### Get Taboola Account Details

Before connecting the **Taboola (Actions)** destination you'll need the following:
1. Your Taboola **Client ID** and **Client Secret** - provided by your Taboola account manager.
2. **Account ID**: retrieve using one of these options:

>    * [Taboola Ads](https://ads.taboola.com) - Use the account's alphanumeric name without spaces and in lowercase. For example, 'My Account - Name' would become 'myaccountname'

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   * [Taboola Ads](https://ads.taboola.com){:target="_blank"} - Use the account's alphanumeric name without spaces and in lowercase. For example, 'My Account - Name' would become 'myaccountname'
```

>    * [API](https://developers.taboola.com/backstage-api/reference/get-account-details) - Retrieve Account Details using the Get Account Details API.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   * [API](https://developers.taboola.com/backstage-api/reference/get-account-details){:target="_blank"} - Retrieve Account Details using the Get Account Details API.
```

7. On the **Audience Overview** tab, click the **Add Destination** button, then select the **Taboola (Actions)** Destination. 
8. Under the **Destinations** heading in the **Audience Overview** page you should now see your **Taboola (Actions)** listed. Click the **Add Mapping** button. 
![Add mapping](images/add_mapping.png)
9. When the side panel on the right displays, navigate to the **Settings** tab. 
9. On the **Settings** tab, ensure that **Send Track** is enabled, then populate the Taboola **Account ID** field.
![Audience settings](images/audience_settings.png)
10. Click the **Save** button. 
11. Remain in the side panel, and navigate to the **Matching mappings** tab. Click the **Add mapping** button, then select **Sync Audience**. 
12. On the **Sync Audience** page, click the **Save** button. You'll be taken back to the **Matching mappings** tab. Enable the Mapping using the toggle.   
![Enabled mapping](images/enabled_mapping.png)

The Audience will start to sync to Taboola shortly.
It takes another 2-5 days for the segment to scale up and become available for targeting/suppression in Taboola Ads.

> info ""

> > To view the audience on the Taboola platform, navigate to the [Taboola Ads audience page](https://ads.taboola.com/audiences), select "Custom Audience" and search for the audience you have just connected.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> To view the audience on the Taboola platform, navigate to the [Taboola Ads audience page](https://ads.taboola.com/audiences){:target="_blank"}, select "Custom Audience" and search for the audience you have just connected.
```

## Supported identifiers

The **Taboola (Actions)** destination supports syncing Audiences to Taboola using either the `email` and/or the `Mobile Device ID`.

> `email` will be automatically included if present. Additional configuration steps are required in order to sync `Mobile Device ID` values. To sync `Mobile Device ID` values ensure the following configuration:  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`email` will be automatically included if present. Additional configuration steps are required to sync `Mobile Device ID` values. To sync `Mobile Device ID` values ensure the following is  configured:  
```

> 1. Your Engage Space's identity resolution rules will need to be configured for `android.id` and `ios.id` identifiers. This can be configured by navigating to `Unify` >> `Unify Settings`. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Configure your Engage Space's identity resolution rules for `android.id` and `ios.id` identifiers by navigating to `Unify` >> `Unify Settings`. 
```

![Enage ID Resolution Settings with android.id and ios.id configured](images/engage_id_resolution_settings.png)
 

> 2. Ensure that both the `android.id` and `ios.id` identifiers are configured exactly as per the image below. This configuration step takes place when the Destination is being connected to an Audience. 

Reviewer 3: Should probably list out the identifiers in case this image is unreadable to some.

Author: The identifiers are android.id and ios.id and are listed. I can add a table like the images, but then it will look duplicated when the image is presented
